wait a min
I stole it
shoe and his team confronted nanay in
his castle fortress but found he was
much more powerful than they had
imagined in a moment of desperation
kluth discovered that she too had the
power to awaken a shadow her shadow
Phoenix was able to save the others from
disaster at least for the time being
pardon the interruption but we have an
updated battle report fine let me hear
it we're dominating the fight on all
fronts it's just a matter of time and
they know it the enemy's main force
which is made up of the jabroni is now
on the run there might be pockets of
resistance but they'll be defeated soon
as far as Lord nanay goes we've been in
touch his staff he's safe for now and
galley his flying fortress from all
reports it appears that Zola and her
group of shadow wielders have been
defeated don't be so sure
they are powerful fighters let's not
assume one lost battle signals their
defeat but if they have been it's just
another testament to the supremacy of
nanay's power as expected once Zola is
out of the way there will be nothing to
stop Nana's domination of this world
he'll be its undisputed master will need
confirmation enemy located at Point 548
the remainder of the Gibraltar finish
this
she's breathing but she isn't waking up
I heard that sometimes people stay like
this forever forget about that Oh she'll
wake up soon we just have to stay
positive of course model here's a first
aid kit it doesn't have much in it but
it's better than nothing okay here yes
ma'am shoo zero get in line you need to
treat your injuries as well Sola how can
you be so cold clucks lying there
helpless and you're walking around like
there's nothing wrong what's the matter
with you I understand you're upset I get
that but now is not the time a place to
talk about it this is all your fault she
wasn't ready to be a warrior like us did
you even let her come along it was a big
mistake if I'd had any idea I would have
stayed home instead
concentrate on what you can do now
my best friend sue come on I can't help
me with this you're too clumsy so no
complaining don't be ridiculous if you
get involved you're gonna mess it up
just believe it to me all right I'm the
one who knows how to build and fix
things time to wake up
hey come on sleepyhead Su Su Su
it's my fault I couldn't protect her
did
it
she
the battle with Nana has shaken the
entire team hasn't it
giro are you all right what's gonna
happen to cluck I don't really know her
system took quite a shock it can happen
the first time a shadow was summoned
it's amazing she was able to control it
as well as she did
I hate to say it but the truth of the
matter is she might never wake up why
did we confront ninny Sola I can't
believe you would have taken such an
action without thinking it through
completely you must have known we didn't
have the power to defeat many but you
had us charge into his castle anyway I
can't help but wonder if you had another
plan in mind why would I place us all in
grave danger if we didn't stand a chance
at Victory just think about it for a
minute Jiro the enemies in good shape
the team's about to come apart and
clucks in a coma does that sound like a
brilliant plan I worked out ahead of
time
all that stuff nanny was saying is it
true what the stuff about your father
having once worked with many are you
also looking for revenge forget about it
it's pointless to think about revenge I
got rid of all my personal emotions a
long long time ago if that's true then
why do you keep fighting
my path is my business but it sounds
like you have a decision to make you
need to decide whether or not you want
to continue on this journey